add fingerprint ep (#52)
discord-userdoccers/discord-userdoccers: pages/reference.mdx

##### OAuth2 Request

The endpoint may be used with a bearer token in the `Authorization` header. The specific scope required (if any) will be provided if you hover over the badge.

##### Deprecated Endpoint

> This endpoint remains active and functionally the same, but it should be avoided if at all possible as it may be removed in a future API version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This endpoint remains active and functionally the same, but its further existence is not guaranteed. It may be removed in a future API version, removed entirely, or not removed at all.
```
